https://www.adobe.com/creativecloud/business/acrobat-pro.html
Adobe Acrobat for small business: PDF and e-sign solutions for teams
ADOBE ACROBAT PRO FOR TEAMS

Streamline your team's creative workflows.

Enable everyone to collaborate on images and other creative assets anytime, anywhere with the essential PDF and e-sign solution.

Why small businesses choose Acrobat for teams.

Make quick edits and easily merge files. Keep your creative projects moving with inline text and image edits. Combine PDFs to create brand kits, campaign packages, and more.

Level up productivity with AI. Work smarter with AI-powered features that help you turn documents into insights and reach your goals faster. (Available with Acrobat Studio or the Acrobat AI Assistant add-on.)

Collaborate effortlessly. Share assets as PDFs for real-time review, commenting, and approval. Gather and apply feedback and then send final PDFs out for secure signoff with e-signatures.

Protect your brand. Make reusable templates to ensure consistency, prevent unauthorized editing and copying of your work. Keep documents within your organization even when people leave the company.

Here's what you get.

Team productivity and collaboration features. Help your teams work better together with centralized, shared access to documents - no more passing back and forth via email. Share and review in real time with effortless version control.

AI tools for productivity. With Acrobat Studio or the Acrobat AI Assistant add-on, you can get insights across PDFs, Microsoft 365 files, and web links. Validate responses with precise citations. Summarize documents and ask questions with PDF Spaces and a prebuilt AI Assistant.

Built-in PDF security and compliance tools. Protect your IP with PDF security features, including passwords, access control, encryption, and more. Use accessibility features to enable more people to interact with your documents.

Integrated e-sign tools. Acrobat now comes with more e-sign features to help you sign documents and request signatures for your business. Create a shared template library with your frequently used files, add your logo, and more.

Easy license management at the organization level. Assign and reassign licenses for your business from a centralized Admin Console. Plus, simplify billing for your company.

Dedicated support and training. Access advanced 24x7 support with dedicated chat plus 1:1 sessions with Adobe product experts (2 per user per year).

Discover how to use Acrobat across your small business.

Accelerate creative workflows. Easily share assets for real-time review, commenting, and approval. Gather and apply feedback and obtain e-signature signoffs directly inside your PDFs.

Delight your customers. Create signable web forms to onboard customers and collect payments with a Braintree account (where available).

Streamline small business operations. Combine and tailor content and terms to create personalized proposals and contracts.
