https://www.adobe.com/creativecloud/business/teams/for-admins.html
Admin console | Adobe Creative Cloud for teams
It's go time for admins.

Welcome to Adobe Creative Cloud Pro for teams. Jump right in to the Adobe Admin Console to add and assign licenses, manage team storage, get support, and more.

Discover the business benefits of the Adobe Admin Console.

License management. Purchase, deploy, and manage your licenses from one place that offers a dashboard view of all team members and plans. It's built for organizations with a structure and size like yours.

Advanced support. Get 24/7 support right from your Admin Console. Help your team build their skills with 1:1 Expert Sessions (Creative Cloud Pro plans only). And share feedback to improve the Creative Cloud experience.

Asset reclamation. Get peace of mind knowing that creative assets and Creative Cloud Libraries always stay within the company, even as people and projects change.

Storage tracking. Use the new Storage tab in the Admin Console to see how much cloud storage everyone is using, and add more storage as needed.

Billing. Consolidate all your plans under one contract to simplify billing and make budgeting more predictable.

"The centralized licensing in Adobe Creative Cloud Pro for teams halves the time spent managing licenses for the IT team." - Derek Chen, Head of the Notebook Sales and Marketing Division, MSI

Choose your Adobe Creative Cloud Pro for teams plan.

Adobe Creative Cloud Pro for teams includes everything in Creative Cloud for individuals plus features designed to enhance collaboration, simplify administration, and help you control your IP.

Adobe Creative Cloud Single App for teams
US$23.99/mo per license
Annual, billed monthly
Get your choice of one Adobe app such as Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Premiere, or Acrobat Pro.

Adobe Creative Cloud Pro for teams
US$99.99/mo per license
Annual, billed monthly
Create professional content fast with 20+ apps, including Photoshop and Illustrator, plus Adobe Firefly creative AI for images, video, and audio.

Frequently asked questions
What does Adobe Creative Cloud for teams include?
How is Adobe Creative Cloud for teams different from Adobe Creative Cloud for individuals and Adobe Creative Cloud for enterprise?
How many users can use a single Adobe Creative Cloud for teams license?
Are there Adobe Creative Cloud training resources available for our team?
Members of my organization already have individual Adobe Creative Cloud memberships. Can I switch them to Adobe Creative Cloud for teams?
Can I use Adobe Creative Cloud for teams on multiple computers?
What's the best AI photo editor for small businesses?
What's the best AI video generator for small businesses?

Call 800-915-9428 or request a consultation
Need a plan with unlimited stock assets? See Creative Cloud Pro Plus for teams
Buying for a larger organization? See Creative Cloud for enterprise
