https://www.adobe.com/creativecloud/business/teams/illustrator.html
Illustrator for Teams - Adobe
Grow your small business with Illustrator for teams.

Create high-quality vector graphics. Design for print or the web and get exclusive business features to reach customers faster.

Why choose Illustrator for teams.

Design with precision. Combine lines, shapes, and color to design professional art that can scale to any size.

Save time with generative AI. Eliminate tedious tasks and add to your designs fast with Adobe Firefly generative AI.

Keep track of every asset. Control creative work from a central Admin Console and revert to earlier versions of documents for 180 days.

Streamline group projects. Keep groups in sync and assets on brand with shared libraries and tools for easy sharing and review.

Create stand-out logos, icons, and graphics. Make assets with 3D effects, realistic gradients, shadows, and thousands of other effects.

Scale your graphics to match any output. Size vector-based brand elements down for mobile screens and up to stadium size without losing quality. Use across platforms and media, and even animate them.

Make quick changes with generative AI. Create graphics that match your style with Text to Vector Graphic. Edit and scale them, or turn them into patterns with Text to Pattern. Add them to your swatch library to apply anywhere in a few clicks.

Compare plans for small businesses.

Illustrator
US$37.99/mo per license
Annual, billed monthly
The full version of Illustrator and the Adobe Express Premium plan, plus exclusive business features.

Creative Cloud Pro for teams
US$99.99/mo per license
Annual, billed monthly
20+ apps, including Illustrator, and Firefly creative AI for images, video, and audio, plus exclusive business features.

Discover more creative apps for small businesses.

Photoshop for teams. Create amazing brand images and graphics with the industry-standard app. Comes with Adobe Express and Adobe Firefly generative AI features.

Premiere for teams. Create social clips, promo spots, explainer videos, and more with the leading video editor.

Adobe Express for teams. Quickly and easily make standout brand content from thousands of beautiful templates. Includes Adobe Firefly generative AI features.

Frequently asked questions
What's the difference between Illustrator for individuals and Illustrator for teams?
What is Illustrator and how do businesses use it?
How is Illustrator different from Photoshop?
Is Illustrator for teams available without a subscription?
Is there a free version of Illustrator for teams?
Are there Illustrator training resources available for our team?
How do I add or remove team members from Illustrator plan?
What if a team member leaves the organization?
