https://www.adobe.com/creativecloud/business/teams/plans.html
Compare plans | Adobe Creative Cloud for business
Explore creativity and design plans for business.

Get the world's best professional creative apps plus exclusive business features that simplify admin tasks and protect your work.

Small businesses: Creative Cloud Single App for teams. Your choice of one app plus business features to boost productivity and collaboration.

Small businesses: Creative Cloud Pro for teams. Get 20+ apps - including Photoshop, Illustrator, and Acrobat - and a central admin console, enhanced IP security, and extra support.

Powerful features to support business growth
Recommended team size: 1 - 10 licenses
Ability to retrieve past versions of files with 180-day version histories
Easy license management from a central admin console
Ability to reclaim assets when people leave the organization
Integrated creative AI designed to be safe for commercial use
Collaboration features, including shared libraries and team projects
Ability to manage security contacts for data protection
1TB cloud storage
Adobe Firefly generative credits to produce amazing content from simple text prompts
Access to Adobe Acrobat PDF and e-sign capabilities (Acrobat Single App plans only)
Powerful toolkit for professional content creation - images, graphics, videos, animations, and more
Integration across 20+ apps to streamline workflows
Single Sign-On (SSO)
Flexible purchasing options
Unlimited access to Adobe Stock video, music, and premium assets
Adobe Firefly Services and Custom Models for automated production at scale

Key business features in Creative Cloud for teams.

Teams Single App and Creative Cloud Pro plans offer the same apps as our plans for individuals, plus extra features that support business growth.

Easy license management. Add, manage, and assign licenses in a single admin dashboard, and get simplified billing under one contract.

Smooth collaboration. Give everyone on your team quick access to the most up-to-date creative assets with team libraries.

Protected creative assets. Maintain 100% control of your Adobe licenses and assets even as your team evolves. And easily revert to past work with 180-day version history.

Technical support. Access advanced 24x7 support with dedicated chat. Plus, with Creative Cloud Pro and Acrobat Single App plans, get 1:1 sessions with Adobe product experts (two per user per year).

Pick the plan that fits your needs.

Creative Cloud Pro for teams
US$99.99/mo per license
Annual, billed monthly
Create professional content fast with 20+ apps, including Photoshop and Illustrator, plus Adobe Firefly creative AI for images, video, and audio.

Photoshop for teams
US$37.99/mo per license
Annual, billed monthly
Create amazing brand images and graphics with the industry-standard app. Comes with Adobe Express and Adobe Firefly generative AI features.

Acrobat Pro for teams
US$23.99/mo per license
Annual, billed monthly
