https://www.adobe.com/creativecloud/business/teams/premiere-pro.html
Premiere for Teams - Adobe
Grow your small business with Premiere for teams.

Get the leading video editing software plus exclusive features for small businesses. Create professional video content faster than ever and connect with customers everywhere.

Why choose Premiere for teams.

Create professional videos at scale. Express your brand exactly as you envision it with precise tools that give you complete control.

Save time with AI features. Automatically create transcripts and captions, clean up dialog, match colors in different clips, and more with AI-powered features.

Keep track of every frame. Access version histories for up to 180 days and manage user licenses and assets in the Admin Console.

Streamline group projects. Keep groups in sync and assets on brand with shared libraries and tools for easy sharing and review.

Create high-quality digital ads. Edit with tools built to help you get the right cut fast. Add soundtracks and sound effects with professional audio mixing tools.

Balance color for the perfect look. Add to your video quality with powerful color correction and grading tools. Balance color fast with help from AI or go frame-by-frame with professional color wheels and curve controls.

Extend clips with Generative Extend. Add frames, lengthen ambient audio, and eliminate awkward cuts. Generative Extend, now in Adobe Premiere (beta), lets you easily extend clips using the new Adobe Firefly Video Model.

Compare plans for small businesses.

Premiere
US$37.99/mo per license
Annual, billed monthly
Premiere on desktop and mobile, Adobe Express Premium plan, plus exclusive business features.

Creative Cloud Pro for teams
US$99.99/mo per license
Annual, billed monthly
20+ apps, including Adobe Premiere, and Firefly creative AI for images, video, and audio, plus exclusive business features.

Discover more creative apps for small businesses.

Illustrator for teams. Create beautiful logos, icons, infographics, packaging designs, and more - and use them anyplace at any size.

Photoshop for teams. Create amazing brand images and graphics with the industry-standard app. Comes with Adobe Express and Adobe Firefly generative AI features.

Adobe Express for teams. Quickly and easily make standout brand content from thousands of beautiful templates. Includes Adobe Firefly generative AI features.

Frequently asked questions
What's the difference between Premiere for individuals and Premiere for teams?
Is Premiere for teams available without a subscription?
What are the main ways businesses use Premiere?
Is there a free version of Premiere for teams?
Are there Premiere training resources available for our team?
How do I add or remove team members from Premiere plan?
What if a team member leaves the organization?
