https://www.adobe.com/creativecloud/photography/apps.html
Compare Adobe Photography Apps | Adobe
Take your photos further.

Get all Adobe Photoshop apps in the Creative Cloud Pro plan and save 50% for the first 3 months. Annual, billed monthly plan. New subscribers only. See terms.

Photography (1TB). Edit your photos in Lightroom, transform them with Photoshop, and get 1TB of cloud storage. US$19.99/mo Annual, billed monthly.

Lightroom. Organize, edit, and share your photos from anywhere. Remove distractions with generative AI. Enhance image quality. Adjust exposure, color, and more. US$11.99/mo Annual, billed monthly.

Photoshop. Combine, retouch, and remix your images. Swap out a boring background. Make unwanted objects disappear. Add, extend, or remove content from your images with generative AI. US$22.99/mo Annual, billed monthly.

Find your perfect photo app.
What's the best app for retouching portraits?
How can I extend backgrounds to add room for text?
How can I quickly adjust exposure in a dark photo?
Which app lets me remove objects from my photos?

Use of this beta AI chatbot is subject to Adobe's Privacy Policy. Don't share sensitive data. AI responses are not your Content, may be inaccurate, and any offers provided are non-binding. Generative AI Terms.

See how the photo apps compare.

Lightroom: Best for photo editing on the go. Apply presets and adjust brightness, colors, and beyond.
Photoshop: Best for major photo transformations. Create gorgeous images, rich graphics, and incredible art.

Available for: Desktop, mobile, and web
Organize, manage, and share photos
Adjust lighting, color, and effects
Apply filters in a click with premium presets
Enhance photo quality and resolution
Edit or remove specific objects or people
Crop, rotate, or resize photos
Remove or blur photo backgrounds
Convert photos to different file types
Combine multiple photos and text together
Edit images with text prompts and generative AI
Includes Adobe Express

MEMBERSHIP PLANS
Get started with photo editing apps.
Start with a single app or a multi-app plan - the choice is yours.

Single App. Starting at US$22.99/mo Annual, billed monthly. Get your choice of one Creative Cloud app.

Photography. US$19.99/mo Annual, billed monthly. Lightroom for mobile, desktop, and web, plus Lightroom Classic and Photoshop.
