https://www.adobe.com/products/aftereffects.html
Motion graphics software | Adobe After Effects
After Effects
Your next move in motion design.

Create stunning motion graphics. Animate a logo or character. Add eye-catching visual effects. With After Effects, you can add amazing motion to any video project.

US$22.99/mo for the Annual, billed monthly plan.

Browse plans for businesses or students and teachers.

Powerful new features, now in After Effects.

Make a matte in seconds with AI. Dream up typographic designs that are flow-ier than ever. Create 3D shapes natively and stylize them with over 1,300 free textures.

MOTION DESIGN. Set text and graphics in motion. Animate still images and illustrations to create striking motion graphics. Add motion to text for cinematic title sequences and simple credit rolls. Work faster with presets or turn your unique vision into reality with power animation tools.

3D ANIMATIONS. Design dynamic 3D animations. Bring depth to your visuals with a true 3D workspace inside After Effects. Create and combine shapes, apply Substance 3D materials, and perfect your lighting with dynamic shadows and realistic detail.

VISUAL EFFECTS. Create jaw-dropping effects. Get inspired with a wide selection of built-in effects or customize your own. Make it storm. Add lasers. Or even pop a spinning UFO into a tracking shot.

Explore After Effects features.

Make a matte in seconds with AI. With new AI Object Matte, accurately isolate a moving subject with a simple hover and click. And quickly wrangle any stray pixels with new refinement brushes.

Mix 2D and 3D seamlessly. Create, import, and animate 3D objects right alongside 2D graphics in a true 3D workspace made for motion designers.

Track elements as they move. Follow the movement of any object in your clip. Replace the screens on mobile phones, add names to moving subjects, or surround a marching band with musical notes.

Remove what you don't want. Erase anything from an accidental boom mic to people in the background. Content-Aware Fill will fill in the gaps in every video frame so you're left with clean, polished footage.
