https://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop-lightroom.html
Get Lightroom - Photo editing and organizing for desktop, web, and mobile
Lightroom
Make every picture tell your story.

Iconic photos aren't just captured. They're crafted with Adobe Lightroom - powerful, precise photo editing made beautifully simple. Speed up your edit with smarter tools, and make every shot more expressive, more refined, and uniquely yours.

Plans starting at US$11.99/mo for the Annual, billed monthly plan.

Browse plans for businesses or students and teachers.

Gone in a touch. Generative Remove in Lightroom now makes it easier than ever to quickly clean up anything in your photos, without leaving a trace.

Get a head start with presets. Save time with premium presets created by professional photographers like Laylah Amatullah Barrayn. Lightroom can automatically select and apply presets to specific parts of your photo, so you can work faster.

Edit from anywhere. No matter what device you're using, Lightroom automatically syncs your projects with powerful cloud storage so you're always looking at your latest work.

Explore Adobe Lightroom features.

Quickly improve image quality. Save time using generative upscale with Topaz Gigapixel, now including powerful 4x upscaling. Easily crop into images without losing detail, and recover clarity in low-resolution photos.

Select your best photos faster. Set your criteria for sharpness, focus, and open eyes and Assisted Culling scores every photo, leaving the decision of final selects in your hands.

Polish portraits with ease. Go from a quick touch-up to a full glow-up with Quick Actions. Easily retouch skin, remove blemishes, whiten teeth, and more.

Remove more distractions in seconds. New Dust Removal quickly recognizes and removes sensor dust from your photos with incredible precision.

Create a custom blur. Instantly create a stunning portrait effect in any photo with Lens Blur, powered by AI. Use new one-tap presets to easily focus on your subject and blur out everything else.

Membership plans. Get Adobe Lightroom. Start with just Lightroom, or get Lightroom and 20+ other apps with the Creative Cloud Pro plan.
