https://www.adobe.com/products/premiere/features.html
Explore Premiere features | Adobe
Premiere

Explore Adobe Premiere features.

Learn all about the tools and techniques you can use to edit videos, animate titles, add effects, mix sound, and more.

What's new. Editing. Effects. Title. Color. Audio. Exporting.

Improve your workflow and take your videos to the next level with powerful, timesaving tools and AI features.

Color Mode - a new era starts now. Experience a first-of-its-kind color grading system - purpose-built for editors - in Premiere (beta). Shape, explore, and push your look like never before.

Fast track how you mask with AI. Say hello to Object Mask and goodbye to hours of painful rotoscoping. Just hover over your subject, click, and watch as AI accurately masks and tracks it.

Any shape mask. All the control. Redesigned shape masks now track motion faster across frames with pinpoint accuracy. Perfect for tackling precise color and effects work with ease.

Over 100 next-level effects and transitions. Elevate your edit with all-new transitions, effects, and animations - they're cinematic and GPU-accelerated for real-time playback.

Media Intelligence. A better way to search. Search footage in seconds by describing sound effects, like barking dogs or rain - or by keying in specific dialogue. Quickly locate alt takes and visually similar clips. And censor any unwanted words with a click.

Go from generating to editing, fast. Generate video in Adobe Firefly Boards or on the web app, then send your project-ready clip directly to Premiere on desktop. Generate eye-grabbing visual effects, beautiful b-roll to fill timeline gaps, or anything you can imagine.

Now available from Adobe and YouTube: A dedicated space and exclusive content to create YouTube Shorts - right inside Premiere on iPhone.

What can you create in Premiere? Find out how to use the tools and features in Premiere to make professional movies, music videos, podcasts, commercials, and more.
